The Joe Rogan experience. Do you carry it now? I have a concealed.
Carry. We're going to fix that. Okay. Like super fast. All right. Excellent.
Good to hear. Yeah.
You can. You can't be here. I gave you a concealed carry state.
Right? Open, carries down. Please. Don't do that. Yeah.
It's like very, uh, antagonistic almost. Yeah. Uh.
But like that's, um, while I believe you have the right to do that,
it's also one of those things that's like,
it's also dumb to do it from a tactical perspective. Right.
Why would you be sitting here with the thing that you want to protect you
expose to the whole entire world and telegraphing? Like, if I walk into a room,
that's like the first guy I'm like one you're probably useless. Two is,
um, I'm concerned about you not as an asset, but rather as a threat,
like there's, um, I don't, there's not a, if you went out to any,
any of the guys out here or any of my friends, they're like do open carry,
did like, no, that's dumb. How am I going to do that?
Well, this,
that thing that like I was getting into about the protest when people were
showing up at these black lives matter protest with a AKA's around their neck,
what are you doing? Okay. Jimmy.
Times they have accidental discharged their weapon into the crowd.
Oh, I'm sure it's happened like a dozen times. I'm sure it's.
Heartbreaking. Cause like I respect that. They're trying to, like,
I fully believe in protesting love, peaceful protest. I've been like that,
that kind of bravado of open carry in that sense where they're
like really, I think a freedom not exercised is a freedom.
That's going to atrophy and die. Uh,
one of the reasons why I love comedy is because, um,
you are pushing the limit of what people are comfortable with,
especially with the first amendment. You're kind.
Of torn on open carry in that sense.
I think it's super dumb, but I like people exercising their freedoms.
Interesting. Yeah. Hmm. Okay. I see what you're saying though.
Uh, the right person, like I one, I would never be at a protest of,
um, while I support it, I would,
I dangerous to be there right now. Um,
so I wouldn't the cost versus gain of what happens
at those peaceful protests. Um,
and then the thought of even open carrying is idiotic.
I agree with that. Uh,
I feel like showing up at one of those protests with a gun, like,
unless they're coming to you and trying to take your house or break down your
door, why do you have, why are you walking around with a gun?
Just know you're supposed to, if it's supposed to be a peaceful protest.
And the idea is like,
what if someone comes to try to disrupt that peaceful protest? Like,
but you were inviting them almost with that gun. Yeah. Yeah.
I mean, w we had a, uh, a poor, um, kid killed here in Austin. Um,
he had an AK and, uh,
poor Uber driver got in the middle of a protest and he's like, holy crap.
His, his, you know, when he dropped,
he had a drop-off and he went to go do another pickup and Uber like
automatically routes the way to go.
So he's following his little Uber route and he turns, he's like, oh man,
I'm in the middle of a protest. He's a soldier from Fort hood right here. And,
uh, he's concealed carrying in, in, in his Uber vehicle. And, um,
he gets stuck in the protest and the protesters to swarm his car. And this,
this, this kid that died, um, he's actually a really neat kid. Cause you know,
his, his girlfriend, um, was black and he's there to support her.
Um, she had a bunch of physical,
physical impairments and she was in a wheelchair. Yeah. I mean,
he's like a neat kid. You're like not smart.
He's open carrying at a protest, you know?
And you've seen kind of some inflammatory things beforehand,
but like I think his point and his purpose was really good and pure and like
trying to do the right thing. Right. Um,
but then he runs up to the side of a car and points a gun at an Uber driver that
is scared and confused and he get shot. Yeah.
Like that's the recipe for disaster. I saw.
So many different versions of that story too,
where people had twisted the facts. People had said he was unarmed people,
the guy who got shot. Yeah.
People were saying that the guy who did it was a white supremacist who drove
into the protest on purpose. There was so many edited.
Where it looked like the guy was making a right hand turn and he like sped up.
Cause he was trying to get around a person and they cut right there.
Cause it looks like the guy speeding up to go into the crowd. But super,
when you watch the whole video,
it's really obvious what that poor kid was trying to do. The driver. Um,
I saw a fascinating, um,
this PhD on communication broke down from the
initial release of the information of the story, how immediately started being,
um, distorted. Yeah. For, for two different sides.
Like I'm gonna leave out this detail. I'm gonna include this detail.
And by the time he got the game telephone, we were like, Hey, um,
here's this catchphrase. And by the time it gets all the way around the room,
it doesn't sound like any semblance of what it did when it started.
When you got to the final version,
I'm super enraged at one version and I'm super enraged at another version,
but neither of them are true. And like that,
that's what every single issue is happening from defending the police to black
lives matter to Antifa. It's like,
can we just be reasonable and talk about what's really happening? We.
Have some real good examples of what the worst case scenarios
are in this country right now.
And one of us Portland like Portland is one of the best case scenarios of
completely unreasonable, ridiculous. That's going on every single day,
101 days approach. They've got that mayor up.
There is the most progressive mayor in the country. And they're like,
you resign, burn.
Your house down and move out because they're going to burn this place down. I.
Tried to burn down his lobby. They were throwing fiery things into his lobby.
They were lighting fires in front of the street, in front of his house,
having dance parties in front of his apartment building. So I was coming back.
From Africa on an SFA mission, um, uh,
security forces assistance, uh, like, uh, we,
the military go to places that have insurgents and we try
to legitimize the process of government.
So in counterinsurgency there's like all of these different missions from, um,
joint combined exercises for training to foreign internal defense,
to SFS security forces, um, assistance.
And I'm over there doing a counterinsurgency mission and I'm coming back and I'm
seeing the same kind of horrible,
dangerous recipe in Portland. You know, the,
the same types of organization and
structure and,
and it's an insurgency is a charged idea
that, you know, insurgency as the DOD defines it is, uh,
an organized group trying to delegitimize or overthrow a
constitutional government. Like that's how the DOD defines it.
And I think if you went to almost anyone in Portland, they're like,
what are you trying to do right now? Like, that's what they're trying to do.
Right? Like that's what they believe they're open about it.
W w which is all right. And that creates a really hard,
um, how do you combat that?
Cause you have to combat the grievances and the ideas you have to in is as
dangerous as it is.
Those ideas are like a cancer because when the
truth and information is being, uh, adjusted,
just like we talked about with the shooting here in Austin,
where you have two different versions and some people are in the echo chamber of
only hearing one side of it,
it just keeps radicalizing more and more and catching more momentum.
And then the reason that they're there is,
is so convoluted with, you know, if you're,
are you there for black lives matter or are you there, um, you know, to,
to fight systemic racism, are you here to like, what are you protesting about?
Like, I think you'd get a lot of different answers.
Yeah. That's dangerous. Like.
Now, now, now you're just there to do damage.
Like you're not really trying to do anything. That's good.
It's also exciting. This is the other thing about it. When,
when you're allowed to throw fire into the lobby of the apartment,
building where the mayor lives and no one stops you and you're out in front and
people are playing music and dancing and everyone's going black lives matter.
There's excitement to that, right. Something's happening.
And then when you're talking about people that are out of work, the economy is.
No one knows what to do. Everyone's scared.
COVID is killing a certain percentage of people you're you,
you can't do anything about it. There's no vaccines.
There's all this tension in the air. And then you have this movement.
And then this is the most exciting thing that's happening.
And then for people that don't have jobs and can't go anywhere,
what the do you want them to do? They're going to get sucked up into that.
Especially if it aligns with their political ideologies,
that they're a left leaning person. And they're like, look,
we have a real chance for real revolution here.
And this is what they don't understand what I was talking about. Seattle,
you're doing the same thing that you would hate for people to do.
You're taking over businesses with force you're,
you're occupying land that you don't deserve. You're stealing buildings.
You're literally occupying buildings that other people built.
And then once you get there, you're establishing boundaries.
You're putting up barriers.
You have a police force that will attack and brutally beat people up for just
filming what they perceive as injustices or what they're going to put on the
internet. And then people get shot and you're calling the cops.
You call the police and ambulance is when people get shot there.
Do you know crazy? This is it's so poorly thought out across the board.
And if you do that,
if you take over an area what's to stop people from doing that to you,
you've already set a precedent. You've already said,
we could do this with force.
We're going to move in with no law behind us with no court ruling,
with no reasonable discourse. We're going to move in with force.
And we're going to take over near with numbers and threats.
And then what's going to stop someone from doing that to you, nothing you.
You've already set a precedent. You've already said, this is how it's.
Done. And then it's just chaos and anarchy. It just gets worse. Exactly.
And the more violent and larger group will win. So from a,
the, the, the mission of counterinsurgency,
like how do you fight those ideas is stability and security, right? If we want,
um, to see positive change and, and, you know,
kind of destitute poverty stricken areas of the country, um,
urban areas where like, really,
you want to talk about systemic racism and you start looking at like Detroit and
Baltimore and Chicago. Um, how do you fix that?
It's not fewer police officers. It's more police officers.
The way that you fix it is providing,
providing stability and security in an area so that then businesses can
flourish. Capitalism arrives, more job opportunities, more wealth,
more education, more, um, like immediately in 10 years,
you'll see the, the transformation of a block when, uh,
when a good business comes in and good things start happening.
That business can't go there. If it's dangerous,
if it's riding and it's looting.
So if you look at every one of the cities that had serious riots, um,
and you know, from like Rodney king, how bad those areas still are,
it takes like 50, 60 years. If they ever bounce back to come back from that.
So if you're like, yo go black lives matter, but then you're going in rioting.
You are absolutely condemning yourself to more poverty and then you'd go and
defund the police.
And you remove the one thing that's going to provide stability and security out
in that area that will bring in commerce that will bring in business and jobs.
Like you're screwing yourself.
It's just so hard for people to see that because it's a long game.
And in the short term, they want justice and they're like, no justice, no peace.
And they just want to light on fire.
And I understand that they're angry and I understand that sentiment,
but it's no one's explaining that this is, this is how this plays out.
You're literally going to that area for a long time. Yeah. Yeah.
It takes a lot. And a lot of money is going to be,
have to be spent in order to bring it back.
The money is a hard thing. Um, insurgencies are really cheap, you know, if,
um, if I wanted to ruin something, you know,
it doesn't take a lot of effort for me to destroy it for me to build and protect
something that takes a lot of manpower's manpower and hours. Um,
insurgencies are also way more successful than a conventional type war.
Um, even if it's just war of ideas, not that we're in a civil war, thank God.
We don't have like geographic lines that these radical groups could align
themselves with because then we'd be in a different problem. Um,
it takes not just manpower funding. Uh, you know,
like if you're going to flood say Baltimore with police officers,
that's a lot of money and it would take a long time for a business to
feel like it's safe and secure for them to go in there and start affecting
positive change, opening, more stores, more jobs, more jobs, more wealth,
more wealth, more education, more education, better schools. And then boom,
we have a flourishing community where people can prosper.
Um, but it takes, you know,
one idiot with a Molotov cocktail to bring that all crumbling down again.
Yeah. And you're starting from scratch or below scratch.
Yeah. Yeah. And that's where we are. Yep.
I mean, this is a trying time for us in the weirdest of ways,
because I don't think anybody anticipated everything going this far south so
quickly. It's not done. Oh, this is yours. What's that? Oh, my constitution.
Back up. Yeah.
I got the papers. Yeah. I got the, just how it is.
It's not for interpretation. It's just as it is. Oh, just.
Amazing that these guys saw human nature and how it could be up
and how they could ruin everything so far in advance.
Episodes of the Joe Rogan experience are now free on Spotify. That's right.
They're free from September 1st is December 1st.
They're going to be available everywhere, but after December 1st,
they will only be available on Spotify, but they will be free.
That includes the video. The video will also be there. It'll also be free.
That's all we're asking you to just go download Spotify much. Buh-bye.